README.md, before:

# Juno
This is an open-source repository for Juno, an assistant for neurodivergent people with sensory issues. This repo contains a couple of different components that come together to build Juno. 

### What is Juno?
Juno is basically an assistant for neurodivergent people that helps them better track their tasks, change their environments instantly when they need to, and to communicate their moods to those around them. Juno isn't so much a caretaker as an extension of the person who its' built for. It's not meant to take care of them, but to help them be more independent and communicate better. 

Juno's goal is to help ease the pain points that neurodivergent people face without the insane cost and time-intensive process of building a custom, smart home / tech ecosystem for themselves. The specific pain points Juno is meant to help with is:
1. Tracking daily activities and time
2. Communicating to others non-verbally emotions in a discreet way, and when a meltdown is coming
3. Changing the user's environment without their input based on their mood to help them center themselves.

### Juno's "ecosystem"
Juno's ecosystem and how it works is in this document: 

### Building Juno
Building Juno is going to be a time intensive project, and will be solely funded, built, and tested by me, with everything here being open sourced for other ND / people who love someone who is ND to make and share with everyone. 

In the event that Juno becomes an item that sees a lot of demand for being built as an actual product for ND people, I'll be donating it to my organization, Astra Labs, and having Astra manage production / selling of Juno, with any leftover profits going directly back into the organization. Even then, Juno will always be open source and available for makers to take on, no matter what. 

Here's the phases of Juno's development, with me continually checking back into update this document with my progress as time goes on. 

## Phase 1 (October 2020 - November 2020)
1. ~~Sketching out Juno's initial ecosystem~~
2. Planning out programming / hardware schematics (In Progress)
3. ~~Designing 3D files for indivual components~~
4. Doing test 3D prints to finalize components (In Progress)
5. Sketching out basic UI for app (In Progress)

## Phase 2 (November 2020 - February 2021)
1. Actively developing iOS app
2. Finalizing app UI
3. Ordering hardware parts 
4. Printing final 3D components, sanding & filing & finishing them for production
5. Writing scripts for hardware 
6. Fleshing out code for speaker

## Phase 3 (February 2021 - May 2021)
1. Building all hardware components of Juno
2. Integrating iOS app with physical components
3. Writing full speaker code
4. Integrating speaker w/ program

## Phase 4 (????)
1. Integrating finished speaker into Juno ecosystem
2. Testing hardware components
3. Fully integrating ecosystem together
4. Beta testing ecosystem 

## Phase 5  (????)
1. Doing a pen-test & risk assessment on Juno's tech
2. Integrating findings from pen-test
3. Creating final designs & software build for v.1 repo

## Phase 6 (????)
1. Final v.1 build
2. Create Notion with instructions, all files, hardware list, risk assessment documents, etc
3. Film "setup" video with instructions on pairing ecosystem
4. Release v.1 for everyone.


### Juno's components
1. iOS App
2. RFID Tiles
3. Wearable Controllers / "Actors"
4. Speaker
5. Sensory Light

Commit message:

Adding Figma file to Juno

README.md, after:

# Juno
This is an open-source repository for Juno, an assistant for neurodivergent people with sensory issues. This repo contains a couple of different components that come together to build Juno. 

### What is Juno?
Juno is basically an assistant for neurodivergent people that helps them better track their tasks, change their environments instantly when they need to, and to communicate their moods to those around them. Juno isn't so much a caretaker as an extension of the person who its' built for. It's not meant to take care of them, but to help them be more independent and communicate better. 

Juno's goal is to help ease the pain points that neurodivergent people face without the insane cost and time-intensive process of building a custom, smart home / tech ecosystem for themselves. The specific pain points Juno is meant to help with is:
1. Tracking daily activities and time
2. Communicating to others non-verbally emotions in a discreet way, and when a meltdown is coming
3. Changing the user's environment without their input based on their mood to help them center themselves.

### General Disclaimer
As much as I want to make Juno as accessible as possible and to design for every edge case, Juno is being built for myself (and my autism), and every ND person is different with what they can have in terms of sensory stuff. Wearing a ring or bracelet might not be doable for one person like it is another, and some sounds that I'm cool with might not be cool with you. That's totally fine! 

But please note, I'm not able to design for every single ND person, so I am designing for myself. I am also not a representative of every single ND person, so although this system works for me, it might not work for you.

Please feel free to edit anything in here to make it more accessible for you and whatever you need it for! And please know that if you are someone who is not NT, building this for an ND person, that person might have highly subjective opinions about this and may not like it for one reason or another. Please check in with them before building it.

### How it works
Juno's ecosystem and how it works is in this Figma file: https://www.figma.com/file/vqSLpQIdBKik7RnNZOPhPz/Juno?node-id=0%3A1

### Building Juno
Building Juno is going to be a time intensive project, and will be solely funded, built, and tested by me, with everything here being open sourced for other ND / people who love someone who is ND to make and share with everyone. 

In the event that Juno becomes an item that sees a lot of demand for being built as an actual product for ND people, I'll be donating it to my organization, Astra Labs, and having Astra manage production / selling of Juno, with any leftover profits going directly back into the organization. Even then, Juno will always be open source and available for makers to take on, no matter what. 

Here's the phases of Juno's development, with me continually checking back into update this document with my progress as time goes on. 

### Building Juno

## Phase 1 (October 2020 - November 2020)
1. ~~Sketching out Juno's initial ecosystem~~
2. Planning out programming / hardware schematics (In Progress)
3. ~~Designing 3D files for indivual components~~
4. Doing test 3D prints to finalize components (In Progress)
5. Sketching out basic UI for app (In Progress)

## Phase 2 (November 2020 - February 2021)
1. Actively developing iOS app
2. Finalizing app UI
3. Ordering hardware parts 
4. Printing final 3D components, sanding & filing & finishing them for production
5. Writing scripts for hardware 
6. Fleshing out code for speaker

## Phase 3 (February 2021 - May 2021)
1. Building all hardware components of Juno
2. Integrating iOS app with physical components
3. Writing full speaker code
4. Integrating speaker w/ program

## Phase 4 (????)
1. Integrating finished speaker into Juno ecosystem
2. Testing hardware components
3. Fully integrating ecosystem together
4. Beta testing ecosystem 

## Phase 5  (????)
1. Doing a pen-test & risk assessment on Juno's tech
2. Integrating findings from pen-test
3. Creating final designs & software build for v.1 repo

## Phase 6 (????)
1. Final v.1 build
2. Create Notion with instructions, all files, hardware list, risk assessment documents, etc
3. Film "setup" video with instructions on pairing ecosystem
4. Release v.1 for everyone.


### Juno's components
1. iOS App
2. RFID Tiles
3. Wearable Controllers / "Actors"
4. Speaker
5. Sensory Light
